hey I just wanted to introduce you to
some friends of mine here come on out
here guys
this here is Melanie and Nate say hi to
them everybody they are celebrating
their anniversary which is cool and Nate
is actually a home on leave from
Afghanistan now that's the good news the
bad news is nate is leaving tomorrow to
go back to Afghanistan
until March and that's tough man and one
of the things when we were talking and
emailing back and forth and I want to
make like a special night for them with
casting crowns and crowns has been so
gracious and it got - did you guys get
to meet them and everything and hook
them up with like a hotel so they could
spend a night here in Nashville and just
kind of enjoy the night before he heads
out till March but they have three
amazing kids and what I want to do is
just when you right now just please when
you see stories on the news about all
the stuff going on remember Nate and
Melanie and lift them up in prayer just
quickly you know just toss one up for
them and for all of our men and women
that are serving because that's
place every day by being away from their
families and it's just an amazing thing
so thank you thank you very much
because I guarantee you all these people
are appreciative of what you're doing
and there will be times when it doesn't
feel like it that doesn't feel like the
sacrifice is worth it you miss your
family these are the people that will be
thanking you and remembering you and
lifting you up in prayer so please go be
safe come back keep in contact with us
and let us know how you guys are doing
all right all right guys we love you
guys